Add support to determine if a position in a string marks the start of a UTF-16 surrogate pair (#360)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/assert/has-utf16-surrogate-pair-at/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2020 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# hasUTF16SurrogatePairAt

> Test if a position in a string marks the start of a [UTF-16][utf-16] surrogate pair.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var hasUTF16SurrogatePairAt = require( '@stdlib/assert/has-utf16-surrogate-pair-at' );
```

#### hasUTF16SurrogatePairAt( string, position )

> Tests if a `position` in a `string` marks the start of a [UTF-16][utf-16] surrogate pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests if a `position` (in [UTF-16][utf-16] code units) in a `string` marks the start of a [UTF-16][utf-16] surrogate pair.
```

```javascript
var bool = hasUTF16SurrogatePairAt( '🌷', 0 );
// returns true

bool = hasUTF16SurrogatePairAt( '🌷', 1 );
// returns false
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   The function treats `position`, **not** in a visual way but as an index into the ordered sequence of [UTF-16][utf-16] code units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Note that `position` does **not** refer to a visual character position, but to an index in the ordered sequence of [UTF-16][utf-16] code units.
```
